You know, my ice is...
Hmm...
My ice is a little cold...
But your crime has been...
completely put on hold!
Hmm, you didn't really
try on that one, did you?
[Karina's mom] Honey, the fans can see
when your heart's not in it.
They can sense a phony.
Quit nagging me.
[Karina's mom] Really?
That's how you speak to your own mother?
I'm only telling you this
to help with your career.
It's your catchphrase, dear.
At least try to make it sound--
Thanks for the advice,
mom.
Look at him.
I'm sure your father doesn't approve
of that skimpy costume you wear.
-Actually the costume doesn't bother me.
-Really?
I'm much more worried by the fact that
my daughter risks her life
fighting criminals every day.
I can take care of myself, daddy.
Besides, I'm not planning
to be a Hero forever.
[theme music]
[announcer] Breaking news!
Earlier today in the Stern Medaille area,
a brazen criminal
made off with an armored car!
And the dangerous bandit
is still on the loose!
[Agnes Joubert] Okay,
he's headed right for you!
Are the two of you ready
for action?
[Barnaby Brooks Jr.]
Ready and waiting.
Wait, this guy's just
tryin' to shake the cops?
Why are we getting involved
in some dumb traffic stop?
[police sirens]
Fine. Guess we'll get some easy points
and go home.
[Barnaby] Are you hard of hearing,
old man?
Huh?
If you were listening...
They said the suspect's
in an armored car.
[whistles blowing]
[crashing]
Yeah, I know, I heard the report.
It's like a dumb bank truck or something.
They don't mean that
kind of armor.
Huh?
[sighs]
Never mind.
Whatever. Us heroes should be fighting
real bad guys, ya know?
Like guys with machine guns!
[imitating machine gun]
[explosion]
Huh?
[tires screeching]
That's a tank!
That's what I was
trying to tell you!
[announcer] Oh, boy!
Barnaby and Wild Tiger are on the scene!
I wonder what Tiger's gonna wreck today!
What did he just say about me?
Hey! Take it easy on the sidecar!
Well, guess I'll start
by wrecking this!
[Agnes] Hey, be careful.
You need to avoid any collateral damage!
Hold up. Am I supposed to
be wreckin' stuff or not?!
[taxi honking]
Mornin' sunshine!
[screaming]
Ow, that hurt.
Honestly, do you ever think about
what you're doing before you do it?
Hey, I stopped the
thing, didn't I?
And I didn't even break it...
I think.
[smoke burning]
[chopper whirring]
[gasping]
Hey! So, where did this
guy get a tank, anyway?!
[Agnes] You're the one who wanted
to fight real bad guys with machine guns.
I know,
but I wasn't expecting a tank!
[Agnes] It only proves how dangerous
this city has become.
[yawning]
[man] Coming your way,
Blue Rose.
What?!
I'm going on the air?
[man] Not the cameras. The suspect.
Oh. I was kind of hoping
it would be the other way around.
[man] Listen up.
The streets are wet from rain.
Freeze them to stop the suspect.
All right.
[panting]
[sirens]
Huh?!
Hey. My ice is a little cold,
but your crime has been comple--
Huh?! Oh, no!
[announcer] Uh-oh!
Blue Rose is in trouble!
[gunfire]
[sighing]
[shouting]
[announcer] Another electrifying arrest
by the Lightning Bolt Kung Fu Master,
Dragon Kid!
[Kotetsu Kaburagi] You kidding me?
We got the spotlight stolen from us again.
Well, at least I scored a few points
rescuing a damsel in distress.
So... I'm good.
[Blue Rose] Hey, newbie.
You're not referring to me,
are you?
Who else would it be?
This new partner of yours,
I don't like him.
[Kotetsu chuckles]
Welcome to the club.
But it was your fault
for getting distracted.
I have a lot on my mind,
okay?
Oh, like what?
Your little side-job?
Yeah, what's
it matter to you?!
If your mind's not in it
a hundred percent,
then you've got no business
tryin' to be a hero.
That's how people
get hurt.
Oh, please! This from a guy
who has zero points this season!?
[gasping]
You're so lame.
[scoffs]
Now, hold on a sec!
We are not lame!
We were awesome the other day
when we took care of that bomb scare!
[Barnaby] Let's be honest,
that bomb thing was mainly me.
-Huh?!
-Like I said, lame.
Hey! I am not finished
talking to you!
What I do in private
is none of your business!
Truth is, I don't want to be a hero,
anyway.
[footsteps]
Ugh, what a know-it-all.
That bearded idiot.
Ahem. Do you have a problem
with my beard, miss?
No, I wasn't
talking about you.
Look Karina, I understand
it can be stressful being a Hero.
But... a student should put
her education above everything.
You really must finish
your assignments if you--
[Karina]
Actually, I just did!
Does that mean I can go?
No way!
I don't believe you!
It's true! I saw them
walking home together today.
[Karina's friend] She's with that guy?
He's so weird!
Karina, what's wrong?
Oh, nothing!
Huh?
[buzzing]
So... What do you guys
want to do now?
Hey, what about that
new sushi place?
Yeah, I heard it was great!
What do you say Karina?
Do you wanna come with us?
Huh?
Oh! Uh...
Sorry, but I can't really
do anything today.
More urgent business?
That's right.
Kinda hard to explain.
What?! But we waited through
your tutoring session.
Sorry.
We're kinda used to it by now anyway,
aren't we? Bye Katrina.
Yeah, see ya later.
Bye.
[buzzing]
Why?
[Robert] Karina, sweetheart.
How many times have I told you
to follow our instructions to the letter?
I know you're young,
but you can't act like an amateur.
When you ran away yesterday,
you missed the perfect chance
to make an arrest.
Not to mention, your little stumble
gave rescue points to Apollon's hero.
This is unacceptable!
You're damaging our company's image!
[grunting]
Well, according
the big-wigs.
[Karina] How was I supposed to know
that guy had a submachine gun?
[Robert] Listen.
I get it, okay? It can be tough out there.
But risking your life to stop criminals
is part of this job.
I mean, you are a hero.
Besides, that's why you have these powers,
Karina, to help you beat the bad guys.
[clears throat]
What I'm saying is...
You need to realize how important it is
to keep our sponsors happy.
And right now,
they're not very pleased. 'Kay?
So it's all
about the sponsors.
Every day, I'm risking my life. For what?
What's the point of me being a hero?!
Well, there's lots of--
[Karina]
Is it to make your company look good?
Is it to keep the sponsors happy?
It's for the citizens of Stern Bild.
Come on, do you really
believe all that?! Honestly?
Don't you dare question me!
Now, I was starting to have my doubts,
but now it's clear you
don't think of yourself as a hero.
Our company isn't interested
in a star singer.
We pay you to be a star hero.
You listen to me.
We are running a business, Karina.
No, you listen.
I never even wanted to be a hero.
The company said I had to
if I wanted to make it as a singer.
That's the only reason I signed up.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
[door opens and closes]
[groaning]
[Karina grunts]
[Karina] I mean, how could he sit there
and berate me like that?
Easy, kitten. You don't wanna
give yourself wrinkles.
I'm out there getting shot at, and
they only care about profits and sponsors.
I'm sure your employers
have their reasons,
but there are some things
that can't be changed.
Easy for you to say, Fire Emblem.
After all, you own your company.
But that doesn't mean I'm free
to do whatever I want.
I can't even tell my friends
what I do every day.
I never expected this job
to be so frustrating.
I mean, how have you guys
done this for so long?
No one ever acknowledges--
[Kotetsu] Hey!
Well, look who it is.
What do you want?
I think you've got the wrong idea
about us.
Oh, yeah, how am I wrong?
All us heroes.
We don't do this job just because
we want people to appreciate us.
Mm-hmm.
And?
And... nothing.
That supposed to move me?
Well, I mean...
I'm talkin' about-- [sighs]
[Karina] That's just it.
You're all talk, zero point man.
[grunts] Hey, hold on!
I'm not finished yet.
Yeah? Well, I am!
Honey, you are never
gonna break through to a young girl
by lecturing her like that.
She's a teenager,
for crying out loud.
Well I don't think
I was really lecturing her.
What's with you?
Oh, it's nothing.
What, did I say something
to offend you, too?
No, it's not like that.
Actually, you sort of echoed me.
Echoed you?
What do you mean?
[reporter] But doesn't it bother you
that being a hero is so unrewarding?
I don't do this because
I want people to appreciate me.
I just wanna help the city.
[Karina's mom] That's Barnaby for you.
He is so humble.
Yeah, right.
You know, you should really start
following his example.
No need anymore.
I quit being a hero.
Um I don't think
I heard you correctly, dear.
Did you seriously quit your job?
[Karina] Sure did.
I never wanted that life anyway.
But you have so many fans
out there who worship you and...
what about your dream
of becoming a singer?
If I wanna sing,
I'll do it at a club.
Wait, Karina, don't go!
♪ ...my song ♪
[applause]
[Kotetsu] Not bad.
You're pretty serious
about this, aren't ya?
It's what I love to do.
What are you doing here, anyway?
Huh? Hmm.
[sighing]
[sighs]
So, why do you keep bothering me?
Can't you leave me alone?
What's that for?
It's a tip. Not a lot, but look...
you've got a pretty nice voice.
If you really wanna be a singer,
I say go for it.
-Sorry I bothered you.
-[Karina] Hey, hold on!
Huh?
I... was just wondering
why you became a hero.
It's funny.
You seem like a pretty honest kid.
I misjudged you.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Anyway, aren't you too young
to be drinking?
This is just mineral water!
Like I said,
an honest kid.
[Karina]
Don't pretend you know me.
[Kotetsu] Say...
You never told me
why you wanna be a singer.
I love singing.
And I want to share my voice
with the entire world.
Same goes for me.
Huh?
The reason I became a hero
s because I enjoy helping people.
What other reason could a guy need?
If people acknowledge what I do, well,
that doesn't really matter to me.
[knocking]
[Karina's father] Karina?
Can we... talk for a moment?
[Karina]
I don't want to talk to anyone.
I understand that you quit being a hero.
Your mother was quite concerned.
[Karina] Why do you care? You were
against it all along.
The other day, you said being a hero
wasn't your goal in life.
Now, I'm not fan of your costume,
but...
what really bothered me that day
was your attitude.
If you don't believe in what you're doing,
that's a recipe for disaster.
[Karina's father] I'm saying
if you want to quit, then quit.
I think it's
the right choice.
And think, if you do retire
now...
this card may be worth a lot
in a few years.
They don't get it.
[buzzing]
Huh?
-Huh?
-[phone ringing]
-Yes?
-[bar owner on phone] Oh, Karina!
Hey, sorry for calling you
out of the blue like this.
Look, the singer we booked for tonight
just bailed on us.
I hate to ask, but can you head over
to the bar and start warming up?
Huh?
All right. Your mission for today
is a basic search-and-rescue operation.
[Kotetsu]
Right, we know the drill.
[Agnes] However,
things are still dangerous out there,
so stay on the boat until I
give the order.
Especially you, Wild Tiger.
Look before you leap!
Yeah, I'll behave.
Status check. Where's Blue Rose?
Why isn't she responding to our calls?!
[announcer] This just in!
There's been an explosion on an oil rig
just offshore in Stern Bay!
According to reports, most of the workers
have been evacuated safely,
but one of them is still trapped inside!
We've been informed that several
fearless heroes are already on their way!
However, the inferno shows no signs
of dying down!
The situation is spiraling out of control!
With the explosions, smoke
and deadly flames,
there may be nothing
our heroes can do at this point!
Hey, Agnes. I'm not waitin' anymore.
We're movin' in!
[Agnes]
Absolutely not! It's too dangerous!
I'm not gonna risk
losing two of my heroes!
Stand down.
That's a direct order!
Sorry, can't hear ya.
[Agnes]
Tiger! This isn't a joke!
Hey, I'm an old man.
My hearing's shot!
Don't you disobey me!
If there's even a glimmer of hope,
a hero cannot abandon a human life!
[grunts]
You have a million
corny catchphrases, don't you?
Don't stop me.
Who ever said anything
about stopping you?
Huh?
Here's what I say...
If there's even a glimmer of hope,
a hero cannot abandon his points!
[Agnes] Barnaby?!
Huh? Show-off.
[grunts]
♪ The smile that you see
Is just my heart breakin' ♪
♪ A jaded facade
Upon which I hide ♪
♪ Another day sleepin'
My soul kept from wakin' ♪
♪ Not myself
Not the girl deep inside ♪
♪ Now I walk alone
Down a dark, shadowed path ♪
[music stops]
[bar customer] Come on!
They only gotta save one fella, right?
So what the hell's takin' 'em so long?!
These punks call themselves heroes?
You wimps don't seem like heroes to me!
[gasping]
We don't risk our lives
every single day...
Simply to be
appreciated by people.
No, they're not just doing this
to win your gratitude.
These heroes are so pathetic.
Hey anybody wanna make a bet?
Twenty bucks says they can't
save that guy! Who's in?
[piano discord]
Huh?
Hey. That's enough!
Huh? Who the hell are you?!
You got a beef with me or somethin' kid?!
Sure, you might talk a big game.
But you have no idea how much
those heroes risk to keep you safe!
-No one wants your money!
-Hey, what're you doin'?
Ha!
This stuff's heavier
than it looked.
Found him! Over here!
Huh?!
[grunting]
[explosion]
Dammit!
-[Kotetsu} What a joke.
-Huh?
That big metal body of
yours just for show?
Big talk coming from a guy who
runs out of power in five minutes!
Hey, I train more than
you! Right, Bunny?
Actually, I don't recall
ever seeing you train.
[explosion]
Whole thing's about to collapse!
Thank you, Captain Obvious!
[grunting]
He's all yours, Sky High!
[explosion]
Damn!
Huh?
[Kotetsu] Ice?
Great.
There go my points.
It's about time.
You're late!
Just be grateful I even came
for you losers.
[announcer] And swooping in at
the last possible moment, it's Blue Rose!
That vixen will whip your tail
and make you beg for more!
She's the Queen of Sadists!
So, did ya figure out why
you do it?
I'm a hero 'cause I like helping people.
What other reason could a girl need?
Hmph.
Hey, don't laugh.
Now, fork over your ten bucks!
What are you talking about?
Aw, come on, you bet me
that she wasn't gonna show up!
Huh?
Look, I said she wouldn't come,
but I don't remember anything about money.
What?! You two were actually
placing bets on me? You suck.
-Wait, I said that you'd come!
-Wait, I wasn't really betting!
So lame!
[giggles]
My ice may be a little cold...
But your crime has been completely
put on hold!
[sparkling]
[theme music]